# [Redesign Body & Beauty Ph.3 | Fragrance Notes] Create fragrance notes module and map resources & STEP attributes

- Link to ticket: https://rituals.atlassian.net/browse/DL-36001
- Link to PR: 
1. https://bitbucket.org/rituals/rituals-headless/pull-requests/1676 
2. https://bitbucket.org/rituals/rituals-website/pull-requests/10396

## Issues I faced during this ticket:

- It was a bit complex to make the `useQuery()` calls. But I figured it out!


## How I completed this module:

### Creating a new module:

1. Go to our `rituals-website` code. 
2. Go to folder `cartridges/presentation/pagedesigner_headless/cartridge/experience/components/assets/`
3. In here, choose where you need to create the new module for PD, in my case it was `pdp`.
4. In there I created 2 new files: `fragrancenotes.js` and `fragrancenotes.json`.
5. The `fragrancenotes.js` I just copied and modified the name. It is always the same for all.
6. The `fragrancenotes.json`, is also the same for all, expect for `attribute_definitions`. In here we need to add potential data that the content team will have to add to the component. In this case it was only the theme dropdown.
7. Upload cartridges, go to the page designer on your sandbox BM, and check if you can see the new component.
8. Create PR.

### Using it on Rituals Headless React:

1. Before anything, we need to add it to `app/components/genericComponents/PageRenderer/constants.ts`. This will make sure the component appears where we put it on the page designer.
2. After that, it's just normal React component building. I created a `FragranceNotes.tsx` component, with its separate `style` files and `index` for imports. 
3. I also created the `useFragranceNotesData.tsx` hook for retrieving the correct data from the custom object.
4. For this we are using the `useQuery`. We are getting the `ids` from STEP data that comes with the product, which we can get by using the `useProduct()` hook.
5. Essentially, I gather all the possible ids and create an object with 3 arrays, and then loop through that object and create the queries (see `queryFn` in the hook).
6. After that, I use the `select` to arrange the data, and use a `getData` helper to parse the date to the correct language. 
7. After I just use this data in the component to display it.
8. We are also using the CF values for the titles.