# DL-37295

## [GAIA UI Kit Update | React & SFCC] Change add to cart icon + basket icon in header

- Link to ticket: https://rituals.atlassian.net/browse/DL-37295
- Link to PR: https://bitbucket.org/rituals/rituals-headless/pull-requests/1524

## Issues I faced: 

- On SFCC, it was a bit harder to conditionally apply the cart number to appear and disappear. 
I solved it by adding and removing a class depending on the quantity of the cart.
- Important note from above: We can use the ternary operator in SFCC for classes.
- Another smaller issue, I tried centering the number by just using top/bottom and text-align, but at the end I had to go with the flex centering. For some reason, using the first approach didn't work because of the font family we are using.

## How I solved the issue:

- On React:
1. Using FontAwesome, imported the new icons, applied them where needed with the needed styling and logic to display new cart number design.
- On SFCC:
1. Similar like above, but had to copy the svg in pure format, and replace the ones we were using before. Also, the logic applied was a bit different.
2. Applied classes using ternary operator, based on cart quantity.
3. Added an extra function for adding items in the cart: adding the shown class whenever a new item is added to the cart.
4. This above was done inside `cartUtils.js` , in function `updateMiniCartOnAddProduct`
5. Changed `cartIconPlus.svg` file to new svg

**NOTE: When changing SVGs in SFCC, we need to run 3 extra commands:**

```
gulp iconfont
gulp sprite
gulp buildSprite
```